Feat: assignment4 practice visual studio file added (#5)
Dharanash15/SolitonTemplate: src/Assignment4/Assignment4/Readme.md

> # Understand and Packages and Break points in Visual Studio

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Understand the Packages and Breakpoints in Visual Studio
```

Author: resolved

 

## Task 1: Creating a New C# Project

 

> 1. I have Launched Visual Studio and open a new instance.

Reviewer: Instead of using `I have` in the documentation it should in the `Third Person Perspective`, so make changes in the documentation wherever you have used `I have`

Follow the suggestion given below

Author: resolved

> 1. I have Launched Visual Studio and open a new instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch Visual Studio and open a new instance.
```

> 2. I have Create a new C# Console Application project: <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a new C# Console Application project: <br>
```

Follow this suggestion as a template and make changes in the document accordingly

Author: resolved

3. Observed the default files and folders generated for a console application, such as Program.cs, Properties, and the project file (.csproj). Explore the various tabs and panels in Visual Studio, such as Solution Explorer, Properties, and Output.

> 

Reviewer: Instead of making the learnings as addition point, in all cases you could have a separate sub-topic as `Learnings`, and add your learnings in `First Person Perspective` there

Author: resolved
